Now it's going to get more complicated.
So far to go, right, because types
are not just creating new types or
aliases we can create structures and
we can create interfaces and
here comes the most interesting part.
Structures are kind of
the replacement of a class.
It's just a data type with
properties strongly typed.
A structure, and in fact,
in C we have structures as well.
It's like you merge a couple
of properties under one name.
You have the postal address,
you have a street, you have street number,
apartment number, city, zip code,
that's a structure, okay?
So it's just a series of properties.
They do have a constructor that
sounds like classes, okay?
We'll see how we can add methods to
structures because it's a type, okay?
And they will have interfaces
that we will see in a minute so
I don't wanna throw you
both at the same time.
But with interfaces we can simulate or
emulate polymorphism from our P, okay?
So let's go first with
a very simple example.
This is how you create a structure.
You define a type, then the name of your
type, and you use the structure keyword.
After that, curly braces, and
then a list of properties
with identifier and type.
As a class, it looks like a class, right?
And then how do we use that?
Well, first you get
the variable of type user.
And to construct a user,
we don't use a new keyword,
there is a new keyword going on here,
it's a function actually.
But we are not going to use it typically.
And we can call user that's
the name of the type.
And here comes the maybe the weird part,
the odd part, we use curly braces and
there are two ways to
call the constructor.
We can call it property by property or
with named properties,
where you set each property like a JSON,
actually.
It looks like a JSON,
it's actually JSON-value.
It doesn't have quotes on the names, but
it's JavaScript-y JSON, if you want.
And in fact, you don't need
to parse all the properties.
By default when you construct a user,
every property will have nil,
zero, empty string, or nil, okay?
That's a structure I mean it feels okay
it's not like something complicated,
however, it can get complicated.
We will make an example or
we will make a front-end
master's back-end small solution.
It's not going to be back-end yet,
just a structure to understand
how that works, okay?
What about methods?
Because I mentioned, I promised you
that I can add methods to this.
It's gonna be like a class,
can we inherit from another structure?
No, we don't have inheritance.
We have something known as embedding
that we will see that might
simulate some behaviors of that.
So you won't like how to
define the methods, I guess.
Because we are expecting the methods to be
defined here within the structure as in
classes.
And now we define the method the same as
the method we did before for distance.
It's a function outside of
the structure of declaration
that has that special argument.
That's all,
we inject a method to the user.
And typically we wanna use this here.
So there is this ID, this name.